Don't kidnap me morally
Kneel down for me and want to suck my blood for the rest of my life
You hit it so easy
Forget it. No
Oops, get up
If he doesn't promise me today, I won't get up
Liu Huixin, today is the oath ceremony.
It's the daughter battalion commander's big day for the Olympics
Are you satisfied that you have to destroy him like this?
What do you mean I have to destroy him?
Obviously, he was going to destroy me regardless of mother and daughter
You mother begged him like that
How could he be so heartless and cold-blooded?
text
Despite all his mistakes
After all, he's your mother.
It's hitting the bone and the tendons.
Ouch, you have forgiven your mother.
I beg Mr. Yang to give your mother a way out
I'll say it again.
I never forced him.
It's him who thinks I'm embarrassing him
Think I'm your leg
To cut off the mother-daughter relationship with me
Now I know I broke the world record
Instead, he ran over and cheated
Kneel down and let me recognize him
Can such a person be a mother?
Hey
Why are you so cruel, child?
Do you have to kill our whole family?
You are reconciled
Do not accept your moral kidnapping
Just killing you
I can't help it if you say that.
Lin Wenwen, do you have to be so ignorant?
Tiezi, are you happy?